Vinay Menon knew little about Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich. He knew even less about football; he had never seen a match in his life.
East meets west London - the mentor who changed Chelsea. Menon believes infrastructure will need to change, along with mindset, if his home country is to become a factor on the international football scene.
The awkward questions behind Hungary's football revival.Having beaten the Germans 8-3 in the group stage, Hungary were hot favourites to win the final in Bern, Switzerland. But, after taking a two-goal lead inside eight minutes, they were sensationally defeated 3-2, losing their first game in five years and breaking a 31-match unbeaten run.
Andy Murray will coach his long-time former rival Novak Djokovic at the Australian Open in 2025. Britain's three-time Grand Slam champion Murray retired from tennis in August after a 19-year career.
The New York Giants have "mutually agreed" to terminate the contract of quarterback Daniel Jones, less than two years after he signed a $160m extension with the NFL franchise.
The new team entrusted with delivering Donald Trump's agenda is taking shape, with several contentious hires in his proposed administration.
Donald Trump has nominated Scott Bessent to lead the US Treasury Department, one of the most influential roles in government with wide oversight of tax policy, public debt, international finance and sanctions.
Trump will need the US Senate to confirm these nominees when he takes office in January, and though the chamber will be controlled by his fellow Republicans, his cabinet contenders will face an intense grilling during bipartisan hearings.
Dozens of people are reported to have been killed in overnight Israeli air strikes in northern Gaza.
The UN peacekeeping agency in southern Lebanon has said four of its soldiers have been injured in a rocket attack on one of its bases.
It is one year since Israel responded to Hamas's unprecedented cross-border attack on 7 October 2023 by bombing and invading the coastal Palestinian territory of Gaza.


